hey this j with secret gaming bringing
you episode 1 of a video series that i'm
going to either call rush to judgment or
sound judgment something that plays on
my name judgment but in this series i
want to talk about current events and
things that are going on and just kind
of respond to give you my point of view
regarding these things and i'm sure
you've seen from the title or from the
thumbnail we are we talking about bruce
jenner this former Olympic athlete man
of all man's he is now going to be
living his life as a woman named caitlyn
and i'm sure you've heard about this
America seems to be just eating this up
we're calling him a hero and we're
celebrating this most Americans I for
one fail to see how is being heroic if
I'm honest and you can sound in and
weigh in in the comments section but for
America to label him a hero I just don't
see anything heroic about what he's
doing I don't see him putting his life
on the line or doing something very
courageous and to me that's the
definition of doing something heroic now
like I said you can disagree with me and
you can weigh in and you can give your
points of view and I'm very curious to
what you guys think or what you guys and
gals think outside the US now in our
culture in the American culture we are
seeing a strong push to make men and
women the same and i'm not talking about
equality i'm talking about making men
and women the same currently if you look
at our military for instance you're
seeing this there our president is
pushing hard to see women placed in more
and more combat roles for instance the
Rangers have opened their doors to women
right now this is a special-operations
career elite of the elite Navy SEALs our
next year opening their way to women and
I think the Marines are also have a
group that has opened up their way so
that women can join and be a part of
that I'd love to hear what you guys
think about that I don't want to focus
too much on that and I'll probably give
you my two cents at the end but like I
said that's what we're seeing we're
seeing gender-neutral bathrooms being
placed we're saying you know men and
women both should be able to go into the
same bathrooms and schools that's pretty
much becoming a law in schools and in
universities we're also seeing a big
push for
women to make the same amount of money
as men and I'm okay with that I'm okay
with equality and everything like that
as long as the experience is the same
that needs to be taken into account but
men and women should make er women
should make as much as men if they have
the same experience but that's what our
society is doing in fact I don't know if
you've heard about Planet Fitness there
a while back a woman went into a
changing room into a locker room at
Planet Fitness and there was a guy
standing in the locker room so she went
out talked to the front desk and she's
like hey there's a guy in the locker
room and the front desk says yes this
guy is identifying himself as a woman
now I don't know about you I would hate
to see my wife or my daughter going into
a planet fitness when there's a guy in
the locker and whether or not he
identifies as a woman or not but
apparently this woman didn't like that
as well so she couldn't get anywhere
with the front desk so she called the
corporate office and asked them about it
and she said hey can you at least you
know give us some private changing rooms
in there I don't want to change in front
of this guy and corporate office ended
up taking away her membership because
they said they are a non-judgmental zone
and you're being judgmental about this
so that is what our society is doing
they want to make men and women the same
now as far as my background being a
Christian I believe men and women are
equal I believe that both men and women
are created in the image of God so we
have equal dignity a man is not better
than a woman and a woman is not better
than a man where the difference comes in
I believe that God created us for
different roles and I think there are
basically things that men specialize in
and do better than women and I believe
there are things that women specialize
in and do better than men you know
generally speaking there are some women
that can cross the line and everything
like that and then that kind of cross
the line with things but I believe you
know we are created with different roles
in mind and I believe we are created to
complement each other and when a man
comes together with a woman I believe we
can accomplish a lot more now like that
society though says men and women are
equal which we're okay with that I agree
with that but they say men and women are
the same and you think about it that's
at the heart of same-sex marriage
because if men
women are the same it really doesn't
matter if a man marries a man or a man
marries a woman because they are the
same but if God did create us for
different roles I think we're missing
out on a lot we're doing a big
disservice to ourselves to not celebrate
those differences that make us special
you know there are things about women
there are things about my wife you know
she is a nurturer she does a lot of
things better than I do and I see myself
you know I'm kind of the disciplinarian
when it comes to our kids and I see when
we come together we do an awesome job as
parents and I think that is the ideal
situation you know I believe we should
celebrate those differences instead of
trying to make ourselves exactly the
same I mean who wants men and women to
be the same they're different we look
different you know we act different we
have different moods we had different
temperaments and everything like that
and I'm stereotyping but I think we
should just celebrate those and not take
those for granted but if I ever had a
chance to meet Bruce man I tell them
that I care about him that I don't stick
my nose down at him or look down at him
or anything like that you know I would
never make fun of him and I hope you
guys don't get caught up in that because
I'm sure they're gonna be some people
that make jokes about him and everything
like that but when you think about it
this is a human being this is a person
this is a person who probably doesn't
like himself that's where a lot of this
stems from people don't like themselves
so they want to change and if we're
honest we probably all know what that
feels like there are times that I don't
like myself but I find my identity in
christ I find my worth in him and not
what society says so I hope Bruce can
figure that out and find out I hope you
know that as well when you realize how
important and how loved you are by the
god of the universe man that changes
things at least it's changed things for
me and I hope you guys feel it find that
out and realize that but that's what I'm
gonna end it let me know what you guys
think feel free to comment make sure you
find me on twitter i am at judgment
awaits but drop a like for this video if
you like it thumb it down if you don't
but leave me a comment and let me know
what you guys think about this as always
they'll take care and god bless